In this video we're going to discuss how you can implement IPV six addresses on hostes as an example
you can use statelets address order configuration or slack key dynamically allocate IP addresses to
hosts you could use DHP to allocate IP addresses to host PCs.
There are a lot of very similar concepts between IP version 6 and IP version for as an example an IP
version 6 you have an IP address in the same way that you have an IP address and IP version 4.
You have a default gateway or default router you have a subnet mask or prefix Alain's and you have a
DNS servers IP version 6 in a similar way to IP version 4 needs to dynamically learn MAC addresses.
But I'd be vision for uses up and broadcasts to discover MAC addresses broadcasts on supported in IP
version 6.
So up can't be used.
So a different protocol needs to be used to discover the MAC addresses of other devices on Ethernet
IP version 6 PCs and hosts using a discovery protocol instead of up.
This is used by devices on the same subnet.
In other words neighbors to discover and exchange information.
One of the big protocols that it replaces is the up protocol used in IP version 4.
So again you can allocate IP addresses to IP version 6 hosts either by configuring them statically or
using dynamic allocation process with a DHP or Dynamic Host Configuration Protocol.
Or you can use statelets address order configuration or slack to allocate IP addresses to PCs IP version
6 hosts require an IP address to communicate.
They need to know what they subnet mask is they need to know what they default gateways and they need
to know what their DNS server is so that they can resolve names to IP addresses.